"Viral Bride"
". . . and some others"
"I might have been hungry twice"
"for family and farm"
"vulgar mediocrity"
"Celery and rosé"
"Born, and hope to die"
"Bringing a notion to a gun fight"
"Insurance that you can eat"
"Each egg has to be painstakingly peeled by hand"
"I dont think so . . .? I've seen my way around a couple barn swallows, but. . ."
"naming new post offices. . ."
"The median rapist"
"Additionally, the Lottery is not required to create a record that does not exist."
"politically bi-curious"
"Under construction; mind the dust"
"These crazy numbers can't be expressed as a quotient of 2 integers"
"Does the Pope shit in the woods?"
"abortion survivors"
"They get taken down to the kitchen first, shown to the boys, and then out"
"A blizzard of bullshit"
"Я не говорю по русски :(" ,
"A Euro-Atlantic Security Community for the 21st Century"
"The sum total of human misery"
"A dream achieved"
"sewing buttons on ice-cream and eating bee's knees"
"She was my mother first"
"Scattered ass"
". . . for a physical wreck"
"If you were to graph this, it would be up"
"I got time today"
"I feel like there were a lot of singers in the '80s that had long hair and they played the guitar and they were all named George, so I'm gonna say his name is George"
". . . is high quality dolphin. Dolphin?"
"Whoracle?"
"The speaker has shared a joke, it is untranslatable. Please laugh now."
"It is now safe to turn off this computer"
"Today we're making a three-course Depressison meal"
"Spoiled to light"
"The quiet part out loud again"
"What we need has not yet ben invented"
"I'm not much company, you'll find"
"A bush too far"
"Shooters shoot"
"I'm really not overkeen on dying at all"
"I don't know lady, I just work here"
"Well when Ben comes you can give it to him"
"Why not just use a tortilla?"
"hymenally challenged"
"Welcome to your return"
"If you don't want to know what happens to the baby jeezus, look away now"
"Are you sure your fridge doesn't have a push door?"
"Oh boy, and how"
"Secret Spilling"
"It's like . . it's like something"
"I'm from Dallas, people. . ."
"a self-critiquing event
"Waiting for a stop sign to turn green"
"Looks more Downton than Django"
"`ass` filter"
"I'm lucky I remembered these. . . "
"Don't just see the floor. . . experience the floor"
"He gets shouty. . ."
"Hot thrust"
"Sometimes they just go in"
"Pushback on the point"
"The sequence is not convenient. . ."
"Easy Yet Romantic"
"Tom-ay-toe? Tom-ar-toe? Tommytoe?"
"mechanically tenderized"
"Is it around?"
"I'm sorry. . . Spirit sent us"
"DOGS. NO CATS / CATS MAYBE. NO DOGS / DOGS MAYBE. CATS - CATIO? YES / NO"
"Some mothafuckas are always trying to ice skate uphill"
"This is a case where you need government to work"
"7 korean jack 3 ? * yelp - YELP park PARK visa bestbuy PARK apple ="
"That's quite a nice little nothing you're almost wearing, I approve."
"the art of letting the other side have your way"
"I reckon your 45"
"On bill from all of the world. Table three from Switzerland"
"Can't midgets fuck?"
"Emergency 9"
"They sat on thousands of pillows. That's where we are now. People sitting on thousands of pillows"
"He's not looking at palm frawns. . "
"Pandemics are not decadent"
"Chances are we're going to be alright"
"Governance requires eyes that I do not have"
"The American people are not undertaxed, the government in Washington is overfed"
"We have the most delicious lubes"
"extraordinary relevance"
"double-ons"
"Ashtrays, cup-holders, and air conditioning"
"multihyphenate"
"He and higher"
"A triumph of taxidermy"
"Virtually in reverse"
"SHOWCAT! Quality SHOWCAT! SHOWCAT!"
"Egg? I'm gonna go with egg"
"Maybe the farmers won't turn the wheel"
". . . wash off my favorite lie"
"I swear to god I'm not day drunk . . ."
"For $100: What percentage of days do you honestly feel like you're hot shit?"
"Living in the world that ought to be"
"The master of who gives a crap but, oh, look what I did"
"Frogs, chickens of the ponds, other than the ducks"
"Draw death"
"Should I bring my own club, or. . .?"
"Who is a Jew?"
"No, those were just boiled for safety"
"TAMPER EVIDENT"
"Female, Altered"
"They won't know it wasn't sun"
"The avatar of their fear"
"Staunch af"
"I'm sorry, I'm a woman. . ."
"Can I stay?"
"Niggas is decaf, I stick 'em full of CREAM"
"I like eating sheep, I just feel bad for the sheep"
"Okay, there's a chance this may have been a dream. . ."
"It looks like there aren't any great matches for your search"
"Cloak Surf Clip Ebony H Porn Q Clinical Trial Sites clip art snow ..."
"That was why I stopped eating avocado. Thought it came from a frog"
"FOREKS: Your site for yours money"
"Three-foot friendship zone"
"Is she a compliment victim or a compliment survivor?"
"Exploited and ignored"
"They're way existential"
"It's just a semi-quaver off"
"He has the charisma of a failed geography teacher"
"Ceiling experts"
"Yes, there should have been an eclipse"
"Enjoy your home"